DOCS-2127: Clarify RPi password auth instructions (#2852)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/get-started/installation/prepare/rpi-setup.md

## Hardware requirements

- A [Raspberry Pi single-board computer](https://www.raspberrypi.com/products/raspberry-pi-4-model-b/)
- A microSD card
- An internet-connected computer
- A way to connect the microSD card to the computer (microSD slot or microSD reader)

## Install Raspberry Pi OS

The Raspberry Pi boots from a microSD card.
You need to install Raspberry Pi OS (formerly called Raspbian) on the microSD card you will use with your Pi:

1. Connect the microSD card to your computer.

1. Download the [Raspberry Pi Imager](https://www.raspberrypi.com/software/) and launch it.

   {{< imgproc alt="Raspberry Pi Imager launcher window showing a 'Choose OS' and 'Choose Storage' buttons." src="/get-started/installation/rpi-setup/imager-launch-screen.png" resize="800x" declaredimensions=true >}}

> 1. Select **CHOOSE DEVICE**.

Reviewer: I feel like these aren't options similar to a drop down, these are each menus so click feels right
```suggestion
1. Click **CHOOSE DEVICE**.
```

   Select your model of Pi.

   {{< imgproc alt="Raspberry Pi Imager window showing available pi models." src="/get-started/installation/rpi-setup/select-pi-models.png" resize="800x" declaredimensions=true >}}

> 1. Select **CHOOSE OS**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click **CHOOSE OS**.
```

1. Configure your Raspberry Pi for remote access.
   Click **Next**.
   When prompted to apply OS customization settings, select **EDIT SETTINGS**.

   {{< imgproc alt="Raspberry Pi Imager window showing gear-shaped settings icon is selected." src="/get-started/installation/rpi-setup/advanced-options.png" resize="800x" declaredimensions=true >}}

   {{% alert title="Important" color="note" %}}

   If you are using a non-Raspberry Pi OS, altering the OS customization settings will cause the initial boot to fail.

   {{% /alert %}}

   Check **Set hostname** and enter the name you would like to access the Pi by in that field:

   {{< imgproc alt="Raspberry Pi Imager window showing the advanced options menu with set hostname checked and set to my-machine.local." src="/get-started/installation/rpi-setup/imager-set-hostname.png" resize="600x" declaredimensions=true >}}

   There are two ways you can secure your Raspberry Pi: with an SSH key or with password authentication.

   - For a learning project or a fun hobby project, we recommend using password authentication because it is easiest to set up for first-time users.

>    - For a machine that will become a product, we recommend using SSH keys for more secure authentication; only someone with the private SSH key will be able to authenticate to your system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - For production use, we recommend using SSH keys for more secure authentication; only someone with the private SSH key will be able to authenticate to your system.
```
